1. a woman with short hair, wearing blue-gray long-sleeves shirt, with white pants and black shoes
2. a muscular men wearing white shirt, beige shorts and gray shoes.
3. a thin young man wearing light gray shirt, dark gray shorts and black shoes.
4. A fat man with bald forehead, wearing a white shirt with sky blue shorts and black shoes.
5. A woman has straight, dark, shoulder-length hair. She is wearing a sleeveless blue jumpsuit or romper with a white floral pattern, which fits closely to her body. The outfit has thin shoulder straps. She is also wearing white athletic sneakers.
6. A man has curly medium-length hair and a full beard, wearing glasses. He is dressed in a dark sleeveless vest over a long-sleeve shirt, blue jeans, and sneakers.
7. The man has a casual, slightly rugged appearance, with short dark hair and facial hair. He is wearing a light green sweater, dark pants, and black sneakers
8. A man with White t-shirt with black graphic print, grey denim shorts, long brown hair tied back, black sneakers with white stripes.
9. A man with black graphic t-shirt, olive green cargo pants, curly black hair, black high-top sneakers.
10. Male, short black hair, beard, wearing a black jacket, light blue jeans, white sneakers.
11. Female, green sweater with large pink flower pattern, blue skinny jeans, white sneakers, dark brown hair.
12. Male, light green short-sleeved polo shirt, black shorts, short salt-and-pepper hair seen from behind, black shoes.
13. Male, blue and white horizontal striped long-sleeve shirt, dark blue trousers, wearing glasses.
14. Male, dark olive green long-sleeved T-shirt, black pants, black shoes with white soles, blue medical mask.
15. Male, white hoodie with vertical "PERSPECTIVE" text on the back, grey sweatpants, short brown hair.
16. Male, White hoodie with black front logo, wearing a black face mask, dark blue jeans, grey shoes.
17. Male, short black hair, burgundy short-sleeved t-shirt, black shorts, black slides, and a necklace.
18. Woman, long brown hair with bangs, wearing a black coat over a black top and blue patterned trousers.
19. Woman wearing glasses, blonde hair, light blue shirt with a lanyard, black belt, white trousers.
20. Male, short black hair, wearing a light grey short-sleeved T-shirt with a dark crew neck, black shorts, and white sneakers with three black stripes, carrying a large white cardboard box.